despite its huge and cute eyes slow
loris is a wicked thing
it might look cuddly but if it perceives
you as a threat
it'll start snuggling into one of its
elbow pits
and that's a cue for you to get away
fast these critters have pouches of some
of the most potent venom in the world in
their little arms
which they take into their cute mouths
mix it there for a bit
and then deliver a bite to you if it's
successful you'll be lucky to go away on
your own two feet
the venom is almost as dangerous as that
of a cobra
and that's saying something still slow
loris isn't the only venomous mammal in
the world
the weird but adorable platypus can
stand its ground too if needed
apart from it being a love child of a
duck and an otter
it also has venomous spurs on its hind
legs for some reason
a kick from an agitated platypus won't
send you
writing your last will and testament but
it's certainly not something you'd like
to experience
even once in your life now dolphins
aren't venomous
thankfully but their portrayal as
friendly and harmless creatures
is largely exaggerated these marine
mammals are highly intelligent
which makes them very close to humans
and just like
us they can be really mean of course
there
are known cases of dolphins saving
people's lives at sea
but if they're not in the mood and see a
person stranded on the waves
chances are they'll bully that
unfortunate soul and mind you
a single hit from a dolphin snout can
cause serious injuries even in a shark
for a human well there's simply no
chance of survival
now we all love dumbo with his big
flappy ears
but trying to pat an elephant on the
trunk in the wild
isn't a good idea unless you want to be
stamped on that
is elephants are easily made nervous and
contrary to the popular myth that they
see humans as cute
like we do puppies they actually don't
for them
we're mostly a threat and with that size
and strength
they only need to lift a foot to turn a
person into a flat bread
from what their name implies anteaters
eat ants and termites
and they can't bite you as they don't
have teeth but before you reach out to
pet this weird cutie
make sure to take note of those claws
they're huge aren't they
anteaters use them to dig for lunch but
won't hesitate to leave you
a few fingers short better admire them
from a safe distance
leopard seals look like big fluffy sea
cats
but even your own kitty can have a bad
hair day and give you a nasty scratch
seals eat penguins though so you can
guess they're pretty dangerous when
agitated
their teeth are really sharp and they're
known to attack people when they're not
in the mood
so try not to interact with them unless
you absolutely have to
in the water catching up with you won't
be a problem for a seal
if you travel to new guinea you might
find a pretty looking bird there that
you don't want to touch
it's called pitahui and it's one of the
few poisonous birds in the world
that's right its skin and feathers are
covered in a powerful neurotoxin that
causes numbness and basically turns off
your nervous system
it's the same substance used by poison
dart frogs
another cute little animal you should
run away from
just touching petahui's feathers will
cause numbness in your hands
and locals know better than to hunt this
bird its meat
also contains the toxin since
i've mentioned poison dart frogs already
take a closer look at them too
aren't they adorable well this paper
clip size
charmer is actually one of the most
dangerous creatures on the planet
indigenous tribes of the amazon basin
use its poison on their blow darts for
hunting
hence the name and one such dart is
enough
wherever it hits or still some of these
frogs can turn off
all your vital organs if you so much as
touched them
you often see raccoons in funny youtube
videos as
mischiefs or even pets and they're not
normally aggressive
but a wild raccoon can carry so many
terrible diseases
that it's not worth tempting fade and
trying to touch it
a single bite of this animal can take
you on an unforgettable trip to the
hospital
chimpanzee is another animal that may
seem like a lot of fun
until it's up close and personal chimps
are naturally aggressive and
will start a fight for no apparent
reason even among themselves
not to mention other species and
although smaller than humans
they're much stronger than the average
person also boasting big and sharp
teeth to boot cassowaries are beautiful
birds that can be
quite passionate toward humans but just
like with anteaters look at those claws
if a cassowary is discontent with
something it will show its anger by
kicking you with one of those huge sharp
things
and its beak is nothing to be messed
with either there are known cases of
people getting seriously injured
and some didn't survive and despite them
being
sometimes domesticated cassowaries are
quite easily distressed
which means you should be extremely wary
around them
coming to your local pond to watch the
magnificent mute swans slowly paddling
the water
you might want to make sure it's not
their mating period
these graceful birds are very
territorial and if you're unlucky enough
to get too
close when they're mating well males can
rush up and slap you with their broad
wings
getting away unscathed will prove
difficult because the wings are pretty
powerful
so you may even end up with broken bones
it could be your swan song beavers
aren't aggressive but they can't be
fierce when you approach them without
precautions
their teeth yep so sharp they can cut
through trees
and you'd be wise to remember that when
you see one in the wild
feel free to watch it work on its own
but if you get too close
be ready to back off as soon as it sees
you
the charming and clumsy giant pandas are
also to be adored from a distance
although they feed mainly on bamboo they
don't like their feast to be interrupted
if you annoy a panda it might maul you
with both its claws and surprisingly
sharp teeth
after all these animals are related to
bears and it's probably never occurred
to you to try to pat a wild bear on the
back
i knew a guy who did that once now we
call him lefty
if you take a close look at a kangaroo
you'll find out the disturbing truth
about their physique
these rodent-like animals are very
muscular
and it's not just for flexing kangaroos
habitually box with each other for mates
or
food and they won't hesitate to do the
same with a human if they feel
threatened
they have powerful tails too which they
use as a spring to kick their opponent
with their incredibly strong hind legs
one of those hits and you might fly a
long way
now don't believe the depiction of bull
winkle in the cartoons
moose aren't at all goofy and cute in
fact
moose attack more people around the
world than bears do
and it's up to a debate whether a moose
is actually weaker than a bear
standing easily a full two heads taller
than the average person
it runs as fast as a horse and has an
even more powerful kick
and those antlers aren't just for
decoration either
puffer fish is inarguably wholesome well
with it being able to inflate and all
and it's not really dangerous to humans
unless you decide to eat it
and don't do that because this poison is
1200 times
way more potent than cyanide marine
predators have learned the hard way
not to hunt these little balls of
nastiness but amazingly in japan
puffer fish meat is a delicacy only the
most highly trained professionals can
cook the fugu dish though
because one misplaced cut and the
customer can't be saved
there's no antidote to the pufferfish
toxin
and an honorable mention on this list
goes to the climbing perch
native to southeast asia this incredible
fish is now moving towards australia and
people there are alarmed
when other fish or birds swallow a
climbing perch
it stretches its gills to the sides
making the hunter
lose its breath this fish isn't
dangerous for humans
but it can be quite a sight to see it
climbing out of the water
and going about its fishy business on
shore which it can easily do for up to
six days straight